first commit -- all article rmds (#1)
tidymodels/cloudstart: 01_build_a_model.Rmd

---
title: "Build a model"
output: 
  html_document:
    toc: true
---

```{r setup, include=FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(echo = TRUE, message = FALSE, warning = FALSE)
options(tibble.print_min = 5)
```

Get started with building a model in this R Markdown document that accompanies [Build a model](https://www.tidymodels.org/start/models/) tidymodels start article.

> If you ever get lost, you can click on the header of the knitted document to see the accompanying section in the online article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you ever get lost, you can click on the section headers to see the accompanying section in the online article.
```

```{r}
conf_int_pred <- predict(lm_fit, 
                         new_data = new_points, 
                         type = "conf_int")
conf_int_pred

# Now combine: 
plot_data <- 
  new_points %>% 
  bind_cols(mean_pred) %>% 
  bind_cols(conf_int_pred)

# and plot:
ggplot(plot_data, aes(x = food_regime)) + 
  geom_point(aes(y = .pred)) + 
  geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = .pred_lower, 
                    ymax = .pred_upper),
                width = .2) + 
  labs(y = "urchin size")
```

## [Model with a different engine](https://www.tidymodels.org/start/models/#new-engine)

Switch to Bayesian approach by simply changing your engine to **stan**: 

```{r}
# set the prior distribution
prior_dist <- rstanarm::student_t(df = 1)

set.seed(123)

# make the parsnip model
bayes_mod <-   
  linear_reg() %>% 
  set_engine("stan", 
             prior_intercept = prior_dist, 
             prior = prior_dist) 

# train the model
bayes_fit <- 
  bayes_mod %>% 
  fit(width ~ initial_volume * food_regime, data = urchins)

print(bayes_fit, digits = 5)
```

To update the parameter table, the `tidy()` method is once again used: 

```{r}
tidy(bayes_fit, intervals = TRUE)
```

> Get your predictions easily without changing the syntax:

Reviewer: I would love to avoid using word like "easy" and "simple" because it can be a blocker for people who are learning. Instead, try to actually show that something isn't too hard:
```suggestion
Get your predictions without changing the syntax you used earlier:
```
Check for that throughout the files.

```{r}
bayes_plot_data <- 
  new_points %>% 
  bind_cols(predict(bayes_fit, new_data = new_points)) %>% 
  bind_cols(predict(bayes_fit, new_data = new_points, type = "conf_int"))

ggplot(bayes_plot_data, aes(x = food_regime)) + 
  geom_point(aes(y = .pred)) + 
  geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = .pred_lower, ymax = .pred_upper), width = .2) + 
  labs(y = "urchin size") + 
  ggtitle("Bayesian model with t(1) prior distribution")
```

> Don't forget about the pipe (`%>%`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Think about how we are using the pipe (`%>%`):
```
